welcome to this video series next step
guided reading in action this series is
an outgrowth of my book the next step in
guided reading I'm Jan Richardson and
I've created this video series based on
the many requests I've gotten from
teachers who want to see lessons in
action these model lessons are designed
to show you just how powerful and
effective guided reading can be in
your students become better readers as a
key part of a literacy program guided
reading will help your students build
the foundational skills they'll need to
meet and exceed standards these video
clips cover the full gamut of readers
you're likely to find in a primary
classroom there are lessons for pre a
emergent early transitional and even
fluent readers you'll see how small
group guided reading lessons meet the
needs of all readers English language
Listen,
listen to the sounds of the machine.
Listen to your breathing.
Well, don't you ever get tired of this?
Tired?!?
Emo, the machine is like clockwork.
One move out of place...
...and you're ground to a pulp.
But isn't it -
Pulp, Emo!
Is that what you want, pulp?
Emo, your goal in life...
...pulp?
Emo, close your eyes.
Why?
- Now!
Ok.
Good.
What do you see at your left side, Emo?
Nothing.
- Really?
No, nothing at all.
And at your right,
what do you see at your right side, Emo?
The same Proog, exactly the same...
...nothing!
- Great.
Listen Proog! Do you hear that!
Can we go here?
There?
It isn't safe, Emo.
But...
- Trust me, it's not.
Maybe I could...
No.
NO!
Any further questions, Emo?
No.
Emo?
Emo, why...
Emo...
...why can't you see
the beauty of this place?
The way it works.
How perfect it is.
No, Proog, I don't see.
I don't see because there's nothing there.
And why should I trust my
life to something that isn't there?
Well can you tell me that?
Answer me!
Proog...
...you're a sick man!
Stay away from me!
No! Emo! It's a trap!
Hah, it's a trap.
At the left side you can see
the hanging gardens of Babylon!
How's that for a trap?
No, Emo.
At the right side you can see...
...well guess what...
...the colossus of Rhodes!
No!
The colossus of Rhodes
and it is here just for you Proog.
It is there...
I'm telling you,
Emo...
...it is.